src/content/about/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: about-page
title: About us
profiles:
  - book: No One Is Too Small to Make a Difference
    bookLink: >-
      https://www.penguin.co.uk/books/315/315787/no-one-is-too-small-to-make-a-difference/9780141992716.html
    description: >-
      Sophie Blank is a Digital Consultant for IBM iX. During her BSc and MSc in
      International Relations and War Studies, she focussed largely on the
      impact of climate change on migration and conflict. In the past, she
      volunteered for Unite 2030, an NGO empowering young leaders to develop
      solutions to the world’s biggest challenges, the United Nations SDGs.


      Sophie is particularly interested in sustainable investment. We, as
      individuals, can have an impact on what the future looks like by investing
      our money into a better world. It is an easy way of signalling to
      companies that change is needed to attract investments. Find me on Instagram: [@annsophieblank](https://www.instagram.com/annsophieblank/) and Twitter:
      [@annsophieblank](https://twitter.com/annsophieblank)
    film: ''
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/sophie.jpg
    name: Sophie Blank
    pledge: ''
  - book: Truth to Power
    bookLink: >-
      https://www.algore.com/library/an-inconvenient-sequel-truth-to-power-a39b1050-d846-4b9e-a4e7-3b5fd6bb6b03
    description: >-
      Jeremy Connell-Waite is Chief Customer Officer for IBM iX.  Jeremy travels
      around the world talking to executives from sustainable brands about
      changing consumer trends, digital transformation, AI and the future of
      cloud computing. He is also an IBM ambassador who helps companies combat
      climate change through the use of technology and is a European leader for
      Al Gore’s Climate Reality Project. He has been voted the most influential
      person on twitter for BigData and one of the world’s top 100 digital
      marketers. In previous roles he was the CSO of IBM Watson Customer
      Engagement, Head of Strategy for Salesforce Marketing Cloud and Head of
      Social Strategy for Adobe Marketing Cloud. Jeremy is the host of [The
      TenWords podcast ](https://tenwords.libsyn.com/)and the author of four
      books.
    film: 'An Inconvenient Truth 2: Truth to Power'
    filmLink: 'https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6322922/'
    image: /img/ibm_3nov_img_0915.jpg
    name: Jeremy Connell-Waite
    pledge: >-
      My pledge is to help executives care about the climate crisis by showing
      that it is possible to save money and save the planet.
  - book: Eating Animals
    bookLink: 'https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6604712-eating-animals'
    description: >-
      Jerome is a Service Designer who has spent the past few years researching
      the climate crisis and it’s solutions. As a member of the London Design +
      Climate Network and co-lead of the Service Design community within IBM, he
      is actively working to embed sustainability into IBM’s design approach. Twitter: [@jeromegreutmann](https://twitter.com/jeromegreutmann)
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/img_8806.jpeg
    name: Jerome Greutmann
    pledge: >-
      * 2 Vegan and 1 Vegetarian meals a day

      * At most 2 personal roundtrip flights a year

      * Choose alternative transport methods at every opportunity

      * Create and apply a sustainable design framework before the summer of
      2020

      * Speak up, discuss and learn about the climate crisis with friends and
      colleagues
  - book: Wilding
    bookLink: 'https://www.panmacmillan.com/authors/isabella-tree/wilding/9781509805099'
    description: >-
      Cecilia helps organisations understand the impact of weather on their
      business as the European Technical lead for IBM’s Weather Services. She
      gets particularly excited about opportunities to improve businesses’
      environmental footprints. She watched Al Gore speak about an Inconvenient
      Truth in Stockholm in 2004 which drove her decision to study Environmental
      Engineering. After graduating, she conducted flood risk assessments,
      looking at projections of sea level rise in the UK on a daily basis.
      Feeling there was more that could be done, she is at IBM to be part of a
      bigger community and to find out how technology can be part of the
      solution.
    film: Racing Extinction
    filmLink: ' https://racingextinction.com/film/'
    image: /img/cecilia.jpg
    name: Cecilia Ivsén
    pledge: >-
      My pledge is to speak up about climate change and to use my voice to make
      an impact through my work. On a personal level, I take no internal flights
      and maximise remote working options; eat vegetarian or vegan a majority of
      the time; and vote for effective environmental policies in all elections I
      can.
  - book: We are the Weather
    bookLink: >-
      https://www.penguin.co.uk/books/310/310101/we-are-the-weather/9780241363331.html
    description: >-
      Sally is a Senior Interactive Developer at IBM iX.  She has worked in the
      digital space for over ten years; first, as a writer and cofounder of [a
      feminist tech education group](https://twitter.com/mztek), and in more
      recent years as a front end developer. She freelanced building digital
      products with agencies, startups, fashion, publishers, arts charities and
      financial tech companies before recently landing at IBM. After reading
      Nathaniel Rich's [Losing
      Earth](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/08/01/magazine/climate-change-losing-earth.html)
      in 2018, she decided she wanted to learn as much as possible around
      climate change and what digital efforts can be made in this space.  Most
      recently she volunteered on the [Digital Climate
      Strike](https://digital.globalclimatestrike.net/) campaign, with a reach
      of over 1.5 million. She experiments with a greener lifestyle on [The
      Switch](https://www.instagram.com/theswitchorg/). Website:
      [sallynorthmore.com](https://sallynorthmore.com/).
    film: The Third Industrial Revolution
    filmLink: >-
      https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/bj5zaq/watch-vices-new-documentary-the-third-industrial-revolution-a-radical-new-sharing-economy
    image: /img/sally.jpeg
    name: Sally Northmore
    pledge: |-
      * To eat a meatless diet (exceptions when I'm a guest)
      * To only rent electric cars
      * To speak boldly about the climate
      * To vote for a Green New Deal
  - book: ''
    bookLink: ''
    description: >-
      Sarah Powell is a Senior Managing Consultant within IBM’s Energy, Environment & Utilities industry team in Europe. With a background in organisational change and transformation, Sarah’s goal is to develop cross-industry solutions, using exponential technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Blockchain and Advanced Analytics, to challenge existing behaviours, ecosystems and business models, in the quest for cleaner, greener and more sustainable living.  Sarah’s passion for sustainability was reinforced through her recent sabbatical to the Americas, where she witnessed the devastating effects of plastic pollution and climate change first-hand.
    film: ''
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/1-129.jpg
    name: Sarah Powell
    pledge: >-
     I pledge to be bold, ambitious and innovative. To not only make my clients successful, but do so in a cleaner, greener, and more sustainable way. The needs and solutions are all around us and we have the skills, knowledge, platform and network to make this happen.
  - book: Project Drawdown
    bookLink: 'https://www.drawdown.org/the-book'
    description: >-
      Pietro is a Digital Consultant for IBM iX. In 2017, he has attended the World Business Council for Sustainable Development in Switzerland and the Circular Economy summit 2019 in London. Fuelled by a year's backpacking around the world, falling in love with nature's wonders, Pietro has grown passionate about the issues concerning global warming, and is on the quest to use the power of storytelling, technology and human creativity to drive social and environmental change.
    film: Before The Flood
    filmLink: 'https://www.beforetheflood.com/'
    image: /img/profile-photo-4769.jpg
    name: Pietro Piantadina
    pledge: |-
      * Become a Climate Reality leader by end of 2020
      * Speak boldly and spread the word on the climate crisis
      * Don’t buy from fast fashion brands
      * Don’t buy plastic bottles and vegetables in plastic containers
      * Reduce meat to twice a week
  - book: ''
    bookLink: ''
    description: >-
      Mansha is a placement student from the University of Bath and is currently
      supporting the leadership team of the BP IA in account management. Mansha
      is also helping support ‘Connected Innovation’, a project that enables the
      identification, proving and scaling of innovative ideas throughout
      Alternative Energy, Shipping and Group Functions within BP. Mansha is
      interested in how small, incremental, individual changes can help in the
      movement against climate change.
    film: ''
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/manshamr.jpg
    name: Mansha Rajani
    pledge: ' I pledge to reduce my use of single-use plastics and be more energy efficient.'
  - book: Our Planet
    bookLink: 'https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42778090-our-planet'
    description: >-
      I currently work within an integrated agile team as a visual designer,
      designing an improved user interface for technicians worldwide. In my
      spare time I am a keen photographer and travel around London capturing the
      energy the city generates and documenting these photos on my website
      maxrickards.com
    film: Chasing Coral
    filmLink: 'https://www.chasingcoral.com/'
    image: /img/max2.jpeg
    name: Max Rickards
    pledge: >-
      I pledge to expand my knowledge of climate and research the impacts my
      daily actions have to this earth - and work out ways on how to reduce
      them.
---
We are a group of concerned citizens and IBM professionals passionate about working for a safer climate.

Commit message:

Tidy profile images, add Anthony

src/content/about/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: about-page
title: About us
profiles:
  - book: No One Is Too Small to Make a Difference
    bookLink: >-
      https://www.penguin.co.uk/books/315/315787/no-one-is-too-small-to-make-a-difference/9780141992716.html
    description: >-
      Sophie Blank is a Digital Consultant for IBM iX. During her BSc and MSc in
      International Relations and War Studies, she focussed largely on the
      impact of climate change on migration and conflict. In the past, she
      volunteered for Unite 2030, an NGO empowering young leaders to develop
      solutions to the world’s biggest challenges, the United Nations SDGs.


      Sophie is particularly interested in sustainable investment. We, as
      individuals, can have an impact on what the future looks like by investing
      our money into a better world. It is an easy way of signalling to
      companies that change is needed to attract investments. Find me on Instagram: [@annsophieblank](https://www.instagram.com/annsophieblank/) and Twitter:
      [@annsophieblank](https://twitter.com/annsophieblank)
    film: ''
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/sophie.jpg
    name: Sophie Blank
    pledge: ''
  - book: Truth to Power
    bookLink: >-
      https://www.algore.com/library/an-inconvenient-sequel-truth-to-power-a39b1050-d846-4b9e-a4e7-3b5fd6bb6b03
    description: >-
      Jeremy Connell-Waite is Chief Customer Officer for IBM iX.  Jeremy travels
      around the world talking to executives from sustainable brands about
      changing consumer trends, digital transformation, AI and the future of
      cloud computing. He is also an IBM ambassador who helps companies combat
      climate change through the use of technology and is a European leader for
      Al Gore’s Climate Reality Project. He has been voted the most influential
      person on twitter for BigData and one of the world’s top 100 digital
      marketers. In previous roles he was the CSO of IBM Watson Customer
      Engagement, Head of Strategy for Salesforce Marketing Cloud and Head of
      Social Strategy for Adobe Marketing Cloud. Jeremy is the host of [The
      TenWords podcast ](https://tenwords.libsyn.com/)and the author of four
      books.
    film: 'An Inconvenient Truth 2: Truth to Power'
    filmLink: 'https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6322922/'
    image: /img/jeremy.jpg
    name: Jeremy Connell-Waite
    pledge: >-
      My pledge is to help executives care about the climate crisis by showing
      that it is possible to save money and save the planet.
  - book: Eating Animals
    bookLink: 'https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6604712-eating-animals'
    description: >-
      Jerome is a Service Designer who has spent the past few years researching
      the climate crisis and it’s solutions. As a member of the London Design +
      Climate Network and co-lead of the Service Design community within IBM, he
      is actively working to embed sustainability into IBM’s design approach. Twitter: [@jeromegreutmann](https://twitter.com/jeromegreutmann)
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/img_8806.jpeg
    name: Jerome Greutmann
    pledge: >-
      * 2 Vegan and 1 Vegetarian meals a day

      * At most 2 personal roundtrip flights a year

      * Choose alternative transport methods at every opportunity

      * Create and apply a sustainable design framework before the summer of
      2020

      * Speak up, discuss and learn about the climate crisis with friends and
      colleagues
  - book: Atomic Habits
    bookLink: 'https://jamesclear.com/atomic-habits'
    description: >-
      Anthony Huntley helps businesses to leverage weather and climate data in their business decisions to create value for their customers, society and shareholders. As IBM’s Leader for Weather Services & Analytics in the UK, he works with business in every industry, from leading food retailers, to F1 teams, to advance from hoping that weather is favourable for their business, to capitalising on whatever the weather brings. With IBM’s ‘The Weather Company’ and with the world’s leading weather data, he helps improve forecasts of renewable energy generation, minimise wastage with retailer demand forecasting, and help enhance precision agriculture techniques to increase yield to feed the world. As a founding member of the Global Climate Risk, Transition & Resilience offering, he helps companies to quantify their climate related financial risk, and how to minimise it; in the process, making companies much more conscious about what their own climate impact is, and how they can reduce it. Outside of work he loves to learn, get into nature and capture photos & drone videos of our incredible world.
    film: This may be the single biggest opportunity in human history
    filmLink: 'https://www.forbes.com/sites/devinthorpe/2019/08/07/this-may-be-the-single-biggest-business-opportunity-in-human-history/amp/?fbclid=IwAR2ACkMhsga9b_h_xc3mE9p9Zb1A4sjDninrwKjsJguphE6dsDJvr5Bym0M'
    image: /img/anthony.jpg
    name: Anthony Huntley
    pledge: >-
      My pledge is to continue eat as a ‘Flexitarian’, reducing my red meat consumption (as it’s the worst offender in terms of negative carbon impact), live a ‘minimalist lifestyle’ to reduce my personal consumption carbon footprint, and help others find great resources helping address the climate crisis both inside IBM, and beyond.
  - book: Wilding
    bookLink: 'https://www.panmacmillan.com/authors/isabella-tree/wilding/9781509805099'
    description: >-
      Cecilia helps organisations understand the impact of weather on their
      business as the European Technical lead for IBM’s Weather Services. She
      gets particularly excited about opportunities to improve businesses’
      environmental footprints. She watched Al Gore speak about an Inconvenient
      Truth in Stockholm in 2004 which drove her decision to study Environmental
      Engineering. After graduating, she conducted flood risk assessments,
      looking at projections of sea level rise in the UK on a daily basis.
      Feeling there was more that could be done, she is at IBM to be part of a
      bigger community and to find out how technology can be part of the
      solution.
    film: Racing Extinction
    filmLink: ' https://racingextinction.com/film/'
    image: /img/cecilia.jpg
    name: Cecilia Ivsén
    pledge: >-
      My pledge is to speak up about climate change and to use my voice to make
      an impact through my work. On a personal level, I take no internal flights
      and maximise remote working options; eat vegetarian or vegan a majority of
      the time; and vote for effective environmental policies in all elections I
      can.
  - book: We are the Weather
    bookLink: >-
      https://www.penguin.co.uk/books/310/310101/we-are-the-weather/9780241363331.html
    description: >-
      Sally is a Senior Interactive Developer at IBM iX.  She has worked in the
      digital space for over ten years; first, as a writer and cofounder of [a
      feminist tech education group](https://twitter.com/mztek), and in more
      recent years as a front end developer. She freelanced building digital
      products with agencies, startups, fashion, publishers, arts charities and
      financial tech companies before recently landing at IBM. After reading
      Nathaniel Rich's [Losing
      Earth](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/08/01/magazine/climate-change-losing-earth.html)
      in 2018, she decided she wanted to learn as much as possible around
      climate change and what digital efforts can be made in this space.  Most
      recently she volunteered on the [Digital Climate
      Strike](https://digital.globalclimatestrike.net/) campaign, with a reach
      of over 1.5 million. She experiments with a greener lifestyle on [The
      Switch](https://www.instagram.com/theswitchorg/). Website:
      [sallynorthmore.com](https://sallynorthmore.com/).
    film: The Third Industrial Revolution
    filmLink: >-
      https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/bj5zaq/watch-vices-new-documentary-the-third-industrial-revolution-a-radical-new-sharing-economy
    image: /img/sally.jpeg
    name: Sally Northmore
    pledge: |-
      * To eat a meatless diet (exceptions when I'm a guest)
      * To only rent electric cars
      * To speak boldly about the climate
      * To vote for a Green New Deal
  - book: ''
    bookLink: ''
    description: >-
      Sarah Powell is a Senior Managing Consultant within IBM’s Energy, Environment & Utilities industry team in Europe. With a background in organisational change and transformation, Sarah’s goal is to develop cross-industry solutions, using exponential technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Blockchain and Advanced Analytics, to challenge existing behaviours, ecosystems and business models, in the quest for cleaner, greener and more sustainable living.  Sarah’s passion for sustainability was reinforced through her recent sabbatical to the Americas, where she witnessed the devastating effects of plastic pollution and climate change first-hand.
    film: ''
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/sarah.jpg
    name: Sarah Powell
    pledge: >-
     I pledge to be bold, ambitious and innovative. To not only make my clients successful, but do so in a cleaner, greener, and more sustainable way. The needs and solutions are all around us and we have the skills, knowledge, platform and network to make this happen.
  - book: Project Drawdown
    bookLink: 'https://www.drawdown.org/the-book'
    description: >-
      Pietro is a Digital Consultant for IBM iX. In 2017, he has attended the World Business Council for Sustainable Development in Switzerland and the Circular Economy summit 2019 in London. Fuelled by a year's backpacking around the world, falling in love with nature's wonders, Pietro has grown passionate about the issues concerning global warming, and is on the quest to use the power of storytelling, technology and human creativity to drive social and environmental change.
    film: Before The Flood
    filmLink: 'https://www.beforetheflood.com/'
    image: /img/profile-photo-4769.jpg
    name: Pietro Piantadina
    pledge: |-
      * Become a Climate Reality leader by end of 2020
      * Speak boldly and spread the word on the climate crisis
      * Don’t buy from fast fashion brands
      * Don’t buy plastic bottles and vegetables in plastic containers
      * Reduce meat to twice a week
  - book: ''
    bookLink: ''
    description: >-
      Mansha is a placement student from the University of Bath and is currently
      supporting the leadership team of the BP IA in account management. Mansha
      is also helping support ‘Connected Innovation’, a project that enables the
      identification, proving and scaling of innovative ideas throughout
      Alternative Energy, Shipping and Group Functions within BP. Mansha is
      interested in how small, incremental, individual changes can help in the
      movement against climate change.
    film: ''
    filmLink: ''
    image: /img/manshamr.jpg
    name: Mansha Rajani
    pledge: ' I pledge to reduce my use of single-use plastics and be more energy efficient.'
  - book: Our Planet
    bookLink: 'https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42778090-our-planet'
    description: >-
      I currently work within an integrated agile team as a visual designer,
      designing an improved user interface for technicians worldwide. In my
      spare time I am a keen photographer and travel around London capturing the
      energy the city generates and documenting these photos on my website
      maxrickards.com
    film: Chasing Coral
    filmLink: 'https://www.chasingcoral.com/'
    image: /img/max2.jpeg
    name: Max Rickards
    pledge: >-
      I pledge to expand my knowledge of climate and research the impacts my
      daily actions have to this earth - and work out ways on how to reduce
      them.
---
We are a group of concerned citizens and IBM professionals passionate about working for a safer climate.
